so I'm out here with gym at four point
farms in Aurora and there's a big doin's
today and a lot of it involves these
creatures right here that's right do you
carry one around in this your truck all
the time or just you know just to kind
of show off and kind of get people
excited about what's going on today and
what is going on today today is the
cambie giant pumpkin weigh-off and we'll
have over 50 maybe even 100 giant
pumpkins throughout the farm here and
hoping to set a world record as far as
the the weight that they're grown to yep
yep that's all it's all about how heavy
they are a lot of them aren't very
pretty but it's all about how big they
are well and and fortunately my mother
always told that about me so what what
are you going to do with who though well
what we do is after they've been weighed
that the top five pumpkins will stay
here the top 35 pumpkins will actually
earn prize money we have over twelve
thousand dollars in prize money up for
bid up for grabs today and you know
hopefully the the winner will come out
of here with about forty five hundred
dollars and they'll stay here on the
farm through October off for display and
well there's also some destruction
involved is there is some destruction
involved and this might be the sole that
gets to do it to kick the event off at
ten o'clock sharp we're going to be
dropping a pumpkin from a crane from
about a hundred feet onto an
unsuspecting car or truck and you know
hopefully the owners not still in it you
know though that be wrong yeah yeah but
we have a secret x out in the parking
lot and you know just whoever happens to
park over that x is that that's Chris
you're going to get it way no that
wasn't enough fun to come on out here to
four point farms I'm going to run inside
now and chat with Kathy about all the
other fun things that are happening this
weekend so I mean inside now with Kathy
yet four-point farms and we're talking
about that the way off is the big thing
today but there's a lot more than just
that happening not only this weekend but
every weekend for a couple weekend's
still to come yeah definitely every
weekend in october it's our harvest
festival pumpkin patch store every
weekend there's every arcade game
imaginable there's
hey sly the hay ride the pony rides the
corn cannon which is new this year last
year we had a sling trust me you'll just
have to come out to figure out what the
corn cannon is oh yeah it shoots it yeah
we had to put a little power behind the
slingshot we had last year but yeah we
do that every weekend Saturday and
Sunday 10 till five all month of October
and parking is parking is two dollars
literally there's so much free once you
pay that two dollars you could stay
pretty much all day just on that two
dollars within a free entertainment
there's clowns there's bands each day
there's a lot to do all kinds of great
food so if you have any other questions
you go to garden time TV and we'll click
you over to four point farms website
come on out with the family enjoy the
bear enjoy the pumpkins enjoy the food
thanks a lot guys thank you
you